# 5. What else looks insightful or contradictory to you in the dataset?

### 1. New customers with old app versions
As we can see in the table below, new users can use old app versions. 

<table>
  <tr>
    <th>App Version</th> 
    <th>Max Subscription Start At</th>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4.51.0</td>
    <td>2022-12-10</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4.52.0</td>
    <td>2022-12-09</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4.53.0</td>
    <td>2022-12-10</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4.54.0</td>
    <td>2022-12-10</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>4.55.0</td>
    <td>2022-12-10</td>
  </tr>
</table>

This can be confusing since I believed that new versions were improvements of the old ones.

<br>

### 2. Customers with subscription without finishing their basics first
Several customers have started their subscriptions already without finishing the basics first.
Because of that, I believe this can be a freemium platform.

<br>

### 3. Customers that have finished the basics have lower LTV
I expected this number to be the opposite, as I presumed that customers who have completed the basics would have a greater understanding of how to use the app and could take better advantage of its benefits compared to those who haven't.

<br>

### 4. LTV is better on countries with lowest average ticket
As was demonstrated on the lifetime value notebook, countries with the lowest subscription prices have better LTV. It lead us to believe that customers have high price sensitivity, and can be a nice strategy to lower the price a little bit aiming to expand the subscription lifetime, as well as the LTV.

<br>

### 5. Customers that started their subscriptions at the end of 2021 and the beginning of 2022 had great LTV
It can indicate good results of a marketing campaign, perhaps on Black Friday.
This could prompt us to consider launching similar campaigns with the goal of enhancing the Lifetime Value (LTV).

<br>

### 6. Yearly subscribers who use the app on desktops have higher churn rates
As we saw in the churn rate notebook, looking at only yearly subscriptions, we see the customers that use Desktop have higher churn rate levels.
With that in mind, it could be nice to incentivize customers to use the app on mobile devices, while working on improving the desktop app.